[ Ominous music plays ]
♪
[ Whistle blows ]
[ Crowd cheering ]
- Time-out! Time-out! Ref!
Ref! Time-out!
[ Whistle blows ]
- Dean!
[ Indistinct arguing ]
- All right. look alive.
Hustle up.
All right. all right.
You have 44 seconds remaining.
That's it. That's all you got.
So forget the cheering.
the crowd. the recruiters.
None of that exists.
Dean. find the ball
and find Horse.
- You got it. boss.
- Horse.
find the basket.
- Mm-hmm.
- All right. let's go.
Steel Wolves. howl.
- Let's go. let's go. let's go!
One. Two. Three!
- One. Two. Three!
[ Players howling ]
[ Whistle blows ]
- Move. move!
- Yo. yo! Get it to Mason!
- Ball. ball. ball!
- Horse is open!
- Yeah. yeah.
Cut. cut. cut. cut. cut!
Horse!
- [ Grunts ]
[ Cheers and applause ]
- Yeah. let's go.
- Yeah!
- Let's go. baby.
- Whoo-hoo!
Yeah! You got this. Mason!
- Whoo!
- Yeah!
You got this. Mason!
[ Ominous music plays ]
- [ Whispering ] Mason...
- [ Distorted ] Horse!
- Go! Go! Go!
- I see him. Aah!
Here. here! Horse!
[ Grunts ]
- Shoot! Shoot!
Take your shot!
Yes! Yes!
Move it!
♪
- [ Breathing heavily ]
[ Ominous music plays ]
- [ Whispering ] Mason...
♪
[ Snarling ]
[ Cheers and applause ]
- Yes!
- Yeah!
Yes! Yeah!
[ Players chanting
"Steel Wolves!" ]
- Hey. where the hell is Horse?
- [ Chanting ] Steel Wolves!
- [ Breathing heavily ]
[ Gasps ]
[ Lock disengages ]
[ Suspenseful music plays ]
♪
- [ Whispering ] Mason...
Mason...
♪
[ Footsteps thudding ]
- Please. Please. please!
Not yet!
Okay?
[ Thudding continues ]
Look! Look!
Look!
See? See? It's gone!
All right?
Leave me alone!
[ Breathing heavily ]
♪
Do you want subtitles for any video?
-=[ ai.OpenSubtitles.com ]=-
[ Door slams open.
players cheering ]
- There he is!
The clutch king!
- Horse. you the man!
Yeah. yeah!
- Yeah!
- Let's go! Let's go!
Let's go. man!
- We thought we lost you
out there.
- That was a beautiful shot.
You know that?
- Yeah.
[ Players cheering. whistling ]
[ Indistinct conversations ]
- [ Chuckles ]
- Horse!
- Come on. man!
You've been in there forever!
- You sure you're alone in there. pal?
What's going on?
- Yeah.
It's just me and your mo--
[ Water splashing ]
[ Ominous music plays ]
♪
[ Sizzling ]
- Aaahhh!
- [ Growling ]
♪
- [ Screaming ]
- Horse! No!
- Quick. quick! Somebody help!
Somebody help!
- [ Screaming ]
- Horse!
[ High-pitching whistle
blowing ]
[ Ominous music plays ]
♪
[ Divinyls' "Back to the Wall"
plays ]
[ Bell clanging ]
♪
- ♪ We're living
in desperate times ♪
♪ These are desperate times.
my dear ♪
♪ There's no way out of here
♪ There's no way out. I fear
♪
♪ I've been holding back
all my tears ♪
♪ Just so the pressure
don't show ♪
♪ Like a time bomb
ticking away ♪
♪ I might blow up someday
♪ Don't push. don't shove
♪ You better watch what you do
♪ When my back's
♪ To the wall
♪ I might do anything at all
♪ When my back's
♪ To the wall
- ♪ To the wall
- ♪ I might take any chance
at all ♪
♪ When my back's
♪ To the wall
- ♪ Back's to the wall
- ♪ I might do anything
♪
[ Siren wailing in distance ]
♪ You've got the upper hand
♪ Well. I've got nothing
to lose ♪
[ Police radio chatter ]
[ Knock on door ]
[ Foot pounds ]
- Rise and shine!
- Jesus. Rel!
- Whoa!
- What's the point of knocking
if you're just gonna come in
anyways?
- Good to see you settled in. cuz.
You know. like.
making the space your own.
I mean. seriously. Chrys.
if you need any help
unpacking the rest...
I've been a lean.
mean drilling machine ever
since I started working
weekends at the steel mill.
so I'm always happy to help out.
Oh. vinyls! Nice.
[ Chuckles ]
Last time I saw you.
it was chart music.
- We were 11 years old. Rel.
- When did you get into
all this geriatric stuff?
- It doesn't get old...
good music.
- Oh!
[ Keyboard clicks. music stops ]
- It's only bad music
that ages.
- Well. let me know
when you want your pipe
and slippers by the fire.
You know.
your false teeth by the bedside.
Oh! Oh.
Smelly socks. Smelly socks.
Anyway. we don't want to be late
on your first day.
New school. new start.
All that... good stuff.
[ Slurps ]
Okay. I'll go bring
the car around.
[ Footsteps departing ]
[ Door opens. closes ]
- [ Breathes deeply ]
[ Olivia Rodrigo's "Balled of
a Homeschooled Girl" plays ]
- ♪ Cat got my tongue
- All right. Let's go.
We've gotta hustle
if we don't want to be late.
Oh. shit.
I almost forgot "The Revenger."
It might be a little different
to your last school
back in Chicago.
but. uh...
welcome to Pellington High!
[ Trumpet playing ]
Uh. look. Chrys. I know
you're my cousin and everything.
but please don't feel like
you have to hang out with me
or my fellow nerds.
And... there's Grace.
She...
She hangs out
with the populars now.
[ Grace and Ellie laughing ]
- ♪ I broke a glass.
I tripped and fell ♪
♪ I told secrets
I shouldn't tell ♪
- I'm not looking for a crowd.
Rel.
- Okay.
- You're in my locker.
Move.
- Hm! All right. Hm!
- ♪ ...I'm alive
♪ It's social suicide
♪ Social suicide
- Why does it say "Horse"?
- Huh?
Oh. it's the nickname for.
uh. Mason Raymore.
He's a kid who died--
[ Locker door slams ]
Ooh!
- You can't use this.
- They assigned me this locker.
- This school's got no respect
for the dead. bro.
- Pellington's been
around a long time. guys.
All of these lockers
belong to dead people.
- Hey. Grace. your hair looks
really nice today.
- Thanks. Rel.
Hey. who's your. uh... friend?
- Who? Oh.
Oh. uh. no.
Um. this is my cousin.
- Wait. wait. wait.
You're the new girl?
I heard...
that she just got out
of junkie rehab
after she killed her dad
or something like that.
- Okay. cut it out. Dean.
- No. no. this is ridiculous.
I mean.
the school has gone to hell.
- Maybe she was high
when she killed him. too.
- Shut up. Tanner.
- What?
- Well.
you should stop talking
because
you don't know shit.
- Well. is it true?
Are you a junkie?
I mean. you sure look like one
with
the Goodwill jacket like this.
- Oh! [ Groans ]
- Yo!
- That's what's up!
That's my cousin. y'all!
- Hey! Shut up. freak!
- Hey! That's enough!
Enough!
- Ah. You four fighting
in the halls...
detention. after school.
- [ Groans ]
- [ Sighs ]
- This psychopath
just viciously attacked me.
Mr. Craven.
- Let's start with detention.
All right? And then we can
discuss suspension later.
- Um. Mr. Craven?
- Yes?
- I saw what happened.
She didn't do anything.
- No. no. no. She kneed a boy
in his genital bag. Miss Gains.
This is indeed something.
- No. I--
- Shh. shh. And for forcing
your unsought opinion upon me.
you can join us in detention.
as well.
Okay? Good. See you all later.
- See you there.
- Well.
there goes our pool date. babe.
Nice work.
- You think they're still good
for making babies?
- [ Sighs ] Gross.
- Hey. I'm serious.
- That was awesome.
[ School bell rings ]
Uh. look.
you're gonna be okay. right?
Yeah? Yeah? Okay.
Have a good day!
- Hey.
I'm sorry about what they said.
- Oh. don't be. I mean...
they're not wrong
about any of it.
- Um... oh.
Hang on. I'll help you.
- I don't-- I don't need
your help.
- Okay.
- [ Sighs ]
[ Ominous music plays ]
[ Indistinct whispering ]
- [ Whispering ]
Chrysanthemum...
♪
[ Indistinct whispering ]
[ Whispering continues ]
♪
Chrysanthemum...
[ School bell rings ]
[Ominous music plays]
- Come on.
we've only got an hour.
Let's not waste it.
[ Door opens ]
Ah. Nice of you to join us.
Chrysanthemum.
- Chrysanthemum? Fuck.
- It's Chrys. actually.
- Ooh!
- Whoa! What is that?
[ Clicks tongue ]
[ Whispering ] Is that a pipe?
- [ Whispering ] No.
- Uh. Mr. Craven?
- Yes. Dean?
- Question--
Are we allowed. like.
drug paraphernalia in school?
You know. especially
when someone identifies
as. like. a junkie.
- It's not a pipe.
- Hey. bring it to me.
- I found it in my locker.
- Oh. Wow.
♪
- Do you think
it's worth anything?
- I don't know.
It's like a musical instrument.
doesn't it?
Some kind of whistle
or a kazoo.
I mean.
this is certainly early Mayan.
but the rest.
I mean... I don't know.
Could be Olmec.
- Can you translate any of it?
- I don't know. Let's--
Let's have a look.
All right.
It's been a long time
since grad school.
Oh. look. There's a word here.
That would be pronounced
"K'aaba"...
uh. which means "to talk"
or it can also mean
"to call out to."
There's another word
on this side.
That might be "Pixan."
[ Keyboard clacking ]
- Do you spell that P-I-C?
- Uh. no. "P"...
It looks like...
to be P-I-X-A-N.
Why?
What are you doing?
[ Keyboard clacks ]
- "Summon the dead."
- Wow. Hmm.
You don't even need
a degree anymore.
You just [Imitates trumpet]
And that's it.
- Look.
I shouldn't have even--
- Ah. I think I should
probably look after this.
It could actually.
uh. have huge historical value.
And-- And you did say
you took it
out of a school-property locker.
It doesn't belong to you.
Good. All right.
Look. I think that's
probably a good place
to end detention for the day.
- Ah!
- Yep. Yep.
- Thank you. Mr. Craven.
- Great idea.
- Instead. I would like you
to write a five-page essay
on the role
of pre-prepared sacrifice
in ancient Mesoamerica.
- Seriously?
- Do six. Six pages.
- No. no. It's fine. it's fine.
We're going.
- Yeah.
- We're out.
- Hey. Um.
we're all meeting at Grace's
to watch her compose a six-page
haiku on blood sacrifices.
So I'll see you guys at 7:00?
- You mean
we're all invited now?
- Yeah. Baby Dean.
we're all invited.
Even you.
It's called being welcoming
and not an asshole.
[ Keys jingling ]
All right. I'll drive.
I want to make it home
in one piece.
- I'll see you guys there.
- Got a crush on Grace. huh?
- Yeah.
One day. I'll take my shot.
[ Classical piano music
playing ]
[ Keyboard clacking ]
♪
- Whoa.
[ Ominous music plays ]
♪
[ Keyboard clacks ]
[ Indistinct whispering ]
♪
[ Breathes deeply ]
- [ Whispering ] Craven.
Craven...
[ Glass shatters ]
- Hey. um. listen...
about this morning...
They had no right
to talk about what happened
to your dad like that.
- I mean. it's fine.
- It wasn't your fault.
You know?
- I really don't
want to talk about it.
- Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. okay.
So... how was your first day
at Pellington High?
- Um. Ellie seems nice.
- Oh. my God.
- I mean. she's nothing special.
but. like...
- "Revenger."
- Oh! Okay.
[ Classical music plays ]
- [ Breathing heavily ]
♪
[ Keyboard clacks ]
Ah. Good.
♪
[ Door creaking ]
[ Laughs ]
♪
Hm.
- Ah.
♪
Ah.
Hm.
[ Clicking tongue ]
[ Gasps lightly ]
That's...
more than a kazoo.
[ Woman singing operatically ]
Huh.
[ Wind blowing ]
[ Siren wailing ]
[ Police radio chatter ]
- We've got a major traffic
collision. There's two bodies.
One male fatality.
- Are you okay?
- [ Gasps lightly ]
- I didn't mean to surprise you.
You just started here?
- That obvious. huh?
- A little bit.
Noah... Haggerty.
I'm the youth pastor
down at St. Marks.
You worship?
- I'm not really into religion.
- Ah. Me neither.
I am into God. though.
You should come by my church
sometime.
Get to know a few people.
They're good people.
Real people loving Jesus.
Right?
[ Lighter clicks ]
But. also. you know...
...down for a good time.
Being new in town.
you might not know where to go
if you need something.
- I don't.
- Well. sure. sure. I get it.
You're clean.
But if you ever want to get
a little dirty...
Look. how about
a welcome-to-town gift?
[ Door opens. closes ]
[ Rapid footsteps approaching ]
- Hey.
get the fuck away from her!
- Hey!
- Oh!
- Stop!
- God has a job for everyone.
I'm just trying
to help those in need.
Okay?
Okay.
So no harm. no foul.
I'm always here if you need me.
- Ah!
- Are you okay?
- I'm fine.
♪
- Hey. so that preacher...
he's a sound character. huh?
- [ Scoffs. chuckles ]
Funny thing is. parents
send their kids to his church...
think he's a role model.
He's not just a creep. though.
He sells drugs to the kids.
And a year ago.
one of them OD'd.
One day. he's gonna get
what's his.
Let's get out of here.
[ Engine starts ]
♪
[ Woman singing operatically ]
- Ah.
Hm.
♪
[ Grunting ]
[ Thud ]
Aah!
Fuck...
- Whoo!
- What's up?
- Hey.
- Have you guys got
our essay finished yet?
- What happened to your face?
- What?
- Oh. it was run-in
with Noah Haggerty.
It was nothing. Anyway...
look what I got.
[ Ominous music plays ]
Ta-da!
[ Polisher whirring ]
- Fuck!
[ Clanking in distance ]
Charlie?
[ Blowing ]
[ Scraping in distance ]
Charlie.
[ Suspenseful music plays ]
♪
[ Door creaking ]
Charlie?
[ Door closes ]
Charlie.
♪
[ Ominous music plays ]
[ Indistinct whispering ]
♪
- [ Wheezing ]
[ Coughing ]
- I'm afraid the school
is closed. sir.
You're-- You're trespassing.
I've called security already.
so...
you'd better be on your way.
- [ Wheezing ]
[ Indistinct whispering ]
[ Snarling ]
- Mr. Craven?
- Fucking hell!
- Are you okay?
- Oh. my God!
- I called your name. but...
You need to sit down
for a minute?
Catch your breath?
- No. no. no. I'm fine.
I just think I've been...
just working a bit too much
recently.
Good.
[ Polisher whirring.
keys jingling ]
- Oh. Mr. Craven?
[ Whirring stops ]
Your secret's safe with me.
- What's that?
- [ Puffing ]
[ Chuckles ]
[ Polisher whirring ]
♪
- ♪ It's an omen
- I want to summon my grandpa.
- But your grandpa's not dead.
- But he's. like. really old.
And he makes this.
like. amazing hooch.
- Timmy. go to your room!
He's such a little freak.
[ Laughter ]
- ♪ Now the writing's
on the wall ♪
- Oh. Chrys.
- ♪ It's an omen
- You know.
it's really kind of beautiful.
- If working in the E.R.
has taught me anything.
it's that death is
never beautiful.
- I am not going to die.
- [ Laughs ] Oh!
Why didn't I think of that?
[ Door closes. lock clicks ]
♪
- [ Wheezing ]
[ Dramatic music plays ]
- Oh!
- [ Growling ]
- [ Screams ]
[ Polisher whirring ]
[ Gurgling. sputtering ]
- [ Snarling ]
[ Crackling ]
[ Deep raspy breaths ]
♪
[ Eerie whispering ] Craven...
- Okay. boys and girls.
Let's think about
the dearly departed.
- Go for it. babe. I dare you.
- I think I'm gonna pass
on the whole
ghost-summoning death whistle.
- Bye. Chrysanthemum.
- Bye.
- Bye!
- Hey.
You don't have to leave.
- Oh. I...I have to unpack.
- Come on. babe. I mean. what's
the worst that can happen?
♪
[ Eerie whispering ]
- It's okay.
I should just go.
[ Whistle blows ]
[ All screaming ]
- [ Laughing ]
[ Whistle fades ]
[ Breath echoes ]
- That was. uh...
...intense.
- Now what?
- Wait. Wait. wait.
Listen. You guys hear that?
I think I heard
something coming.
[ Leaves rustling ]
[ Wind gusting ]
[ Wind howling ]
[ Flatulence. water gurgling ]
- Oh! What?! Oh!
- Dean!
- Ugh! Asshole!
Oh. my God.
- You're so gross!
- Ugh!
- Okay. on that note. I'm out.
It's not funny.
- Look. I told you
it was all bullshit.
All right?
- Hey!
Sorry if it was weird tonight.
Uh. you should come tomorrow.
It's the annual
Pellington Harvest Festival.
Caramel apples. pumpkin carving.
spooky hay bale maze.
It's fun.
And we always go.
And it's probably the last year
we'll all be together
before we go off to lead our
incredibly serious adult lives.
- Sounds cute.
- Yeah. I'd just... like it if
you came.
[ Footsteps approaching ]
- Yo. Ellie!
You left your. uh...
- Thanks.
Diabetic.
My medicines.
I'm late for my shift.
but. um...
Uh. text me
about the Harvest Fest.
Rel has my number.
- Okay.
[ Car door opens. closes ]
[ Keys jingle ]
[ Car engine starts ]
- Rel. is she straight?
- I don't know.
Never been super apparent.
But. uh...
something tells me
we're gonna find out.
- ♪ In the dark
and lonely night ♪
♪ I gave my heart to you
♪
♪ Now I'm dreaming of a love
known only by we two ♪
♪
♪ You didn't want my heart
to keep ♪
♪ Now our love's drifted away
♪
♪ And in shadows of the night
♪ My heart it will remain
♪
- Nope.
- ♪ In the night
is where we met. and ♪
♪ In the night is
where we parted ♪
where we'll meet again ♪
♪ If only in my dreams
♪ But the night is on my side
♪ Your thoughts
will turn to me ♪
[ Music quiets ]
[ Muted ]
♪ In the moments you're alone
♪ Before you fall asleep...
- [ Breathing shakily ]
[ Eerie whispers ]
- I got us hot chocolate!
- [ Gasps ]
- Knock. please!
- Whoa! Sorry.
- There's someone watching.
- Here. It's hot. Careful.
[ Clicking tongue ]
- I thought I saw someone
in the tree.
- I don't see anyone.
Probably your eyes
playing tricks on you.
[ Cellphone chimes ]
- Oh. God.
Oh. God. Oh. no.
- What?
- I accidentally texted Ellie.
- [ Laughing ] Oh. shit.
- I gotta leave town. I gotta go.
- Yeah. that... that is...
Yeah. That's bad.
- Yeah. you think?
What do I say?
- Uh... uh...
- What do I say?
- Um. pretend
someone stole your phone.
- Yeah. and emotionally sexted
a girl that I met
less than 24 hours ago?
- Yeah.
- Yeah. that works.
- Mm. yeah. sure.
- Typing... Oh. yeah.
She's-- she's texting back.
Um...
[ Cellphone chimes ]
- Question mark?
Why question mark?
What do I say?
- Hey. hey. hey. hey.
Be casual. okay? Just chill.
Okay?
Whatever you do...
don't act desperate.
- Okay.
- Mm.
- "If you're lucky."
- What? What?! No!
Casual. not Kardashian.
Let's see...
"See you then."
- "See you then"?
- Boom.
Looks like someone's going
to the Harvest Festival.
Mm?
- ♪ In the night is when
we'll meet again ♪
♪ If only in my dreams
- What am I doing?
- ♪ If only in my dreams
♪ If only in my dreams
- You. my friend.
should not be driving.
- Me. my friend.
I'm focused. motherfucker.
[ Both laugh ]
I mean. we made it home.
didn't we?
- Watch this. watch this.
He shoots...
[ Can clatters ]
He does not score!
- Story of your life. LeBron.
[ Laughs ]
- Fuck you. bro.
I'll. uh...
I'll see you at school?
- Yeah.
- LeBron.
- Kiss my ass. bitch.
- Kiss your mom's.
- Steel Wolves howl!
- What?
- Huh?
[ Both howl ]
[ Leaves rustling.
twigs snapping ]
- [ Eerie whispering ] Gracey...
- Timmy. I hear you!
[ Distant groaning ]
Timmy! Knock it off!
[ Sighs ]
[ Eerie cackling ]
[ Leaves rustle ]
Hello?
[ Distant thud ]
[ Wind howling ]
Timmy?
[ Scuttling ]
- [ Grunting ]
- [ Gasps ]
- [ Eerie whispering ] Gracey...
- Dean?
Is that you?
This isn't funny.
[ Eerie cackling ]
[ Creaking ]
[ Breathing shakily ]
[ Dramatic music plays ]
[ Gasps ]
Timmy!
[ Breathing heavily ]
- Mom says you should
come in now
or you'll turn into a prune.
♪
- Where is everybody?
- Come on. Let's go.
- We will have
grief counselors available
if any student needs someone
to talk to.
This is hard on all of us.
Mr. Craven was a dedicated
member of the Pellington...
- [ Whispering ] What's going on?
- Mr. Craven died last night.
- What? How?
- Turns out he had
stage four lung cancer.
Dr. Wells said it's amazing he
was even on his feet yesterday.
- I guess we won't have to write
that paper anymore.
- But he will be missed.
I'm sure Mr. Craven
would want you to know
how much he loved teaching here.
and how grateful he was
to give so many years
of his life to this school.
Both Mr. Craven
and Mason Raymore
were proud members of the...
[ Voice fading ]
[ Bones cracking. choking ]
[ Ominous music plays ]
[ Bones cracking ]
♪
- [ Breathing heavily ]
- [ Rasping. gurgling ]
[ Distorted ] Ellie...
- Chrys...
- [ Gasping ]
- You forgot this last night.
- It's not mine.
- I don't want it.
Gives me the creeps.
- I say you throw
that voodoo shit out.
It's bad news.
- I know this pawn shop
on the East Side. actually.
We could...
- Or we could just return it
to Mason's family.
- Yeah.
Yeah. I agree. Um...
- Yeah. no. that-- that was
my next suggestion. too.
- I can-- I can drive
if you want.
♪
Do you design them yourself?
Why do you hide them?
They're beautiful.
- Um. I don't know.
I guess they're personal.
- I always wanted to get
a tattoo.
My mom would never let me.
How do you know
what you want to design?
- I guess you just find
something you love
and you let it scar you
for life.
- That easy. huh?
- Mm. Easy.
- Look at this place.
♪
[ Crow cawing ]
[ Clock ticking ]
[ Knocking ]
[ Door creaks ]
[ Jazz music playing ]
♪
- Hello?
The door was open.
♪
[ Distant thudding ]
- ♪ Folks. I'm going down
to St. James Infirmary ♪
[ Door creaking ]
[ Thudding ]
♪ See my baby there
♪ She's stretched out
on a long white table ♪
- We have something
that belonged to Mason.
- ♪ So sweet. so cold. so fair
[ Creaking ]
- I was born in this house.
- [ Gasps ]
[ Stairs creaking ]
I hoped to die here. too.
But the bank says
it's not even mine anymore.
- I'm sorry. we were just...
- Maybe I'll get lucky
and drop dead today.
Memento mori.
Reminders of mortality.
It's all got to go.
I traveled the world
collecting them.
Every culture. every faith
and philosophy have their own.
Some wrestling with death.
others dancing with it.
- Is this a part
of your collection?
I found it
in Mason Raymore's locker.
- You didn't find it.
It found you.
Like it found my grandson.
Like it found me.
Half a lifetime ago.
A back-alley market
in Guatemala.
It took my grandson.
my daughter.
And it will take more.
- What is it?
- In Choka.
The cry.
A stolen treasure
from a plundered people.
- We were told the markings said
"summon the dead"?
- No...
Not quite.
The markings read...
"summon yourdeath."
The day you are born...
so is your death.
From that day on.
she is searching for you.
If you're fated to die at 90.
it will take her 90 years
to find you.
Fated to die at 30. only 30.
But if you hear the whistle
scream.
it changes all that.
A call from In Choka
guides your death.
So she finds you earlier.
- What does it look like?
Death.
- Like you. of course.
You will become
what you would have been
in your last breath.
♪
Keep this.
It was never mine to take.
- What if I don't want to die?
- Then you shouldn't
have been born.
- I mean. you saw her.
She's on a lot of meds.
And she just lost her family.
That'll rattle anyone.
And speaking
as future Dr. Gains.
I mean. there's
no medical science
behind what she's saying.
- Oh. yeah. no.
I know.
It was bullshit.
Mostly.
But do you think that
Mr. Craven used it like Mason?
- Maybe.
Their files will be
at the hospital I work at.
We'll find something there.
♪
[ Siren wailing ]
When you mentioned Mason.
it gave me an idea.
- Whoa.
- There's something
about his death
that just never added up.
He caught on fire
in a shower cubicle.
and they blamed it
on a gas leak.
- There. Raymore.
♪
- They had to use his dental
records to confirm his identity.
- Oh. God.
He was so badly burned.
- I just need to check
a patient's records...
- [ Gasps ] Shit!
Shh!
- [ Door opens ]
- Shit!
♪
- "Bone structure suggests
late 40s."
Ellie. how old was Mason
when he died?
- [ Breathing heavily ]
♪
Ellie. What's his age?
- Uh. 17. Why?
- Because the coroner's report
says late 40s.
♪
"You will become what you would
have been in your last breath."
- So Mason would have died when
he was older from the gas leak?
- Yeah. Mr. Craven. that cancer
would've killed him eventually.
- I'd give him
another 10 to 15 years.
- Yeah. but not last night.
[ Telephone ringing ]
- This is Dr. Andrews...
Someone's been in the records
room messing with the files.
- Ellie...
- Check the system to see
who was in here...
- We all heard that whistle.
- Thanks.
[ Receiver clicks ]
[ Footsteps ]
- We need to warn the others.
- They'll be at Harvest Fest.
- Hello?
♪
[ Door creaks ]
[ Lively music playing ]
[ Indistinct chatter ]
♪
- [ Exhales ]
- Yahhh!
- [ Screams ]
♪
- [ Howls ]
- Hey. What can I get you?
- Just a dab.
- One of these?
- Yes. please. Thank you.
- God bless.
- Bye.
- Come on. Grace. Yo!
You don't need that shit.
- It's only weed. It's natural.
- How about instead of playing
grope-the-dope.
we head over to the game booth?
I'll win you a teddy bear.
I'm a dead shot. you know.
Chk-chk...
boom!
- You always have been. Rel.
- So. give me a shot.
We can leave this place
in the rearview.
[ Chuckles ]
Like. shazam!
Gone.
- You're a sweet guy. Rel.
And a good person.
Really good.
Someday. you're gonna make
someone better than me
so happy.
- ♪ Then you say. "Go slow"
♪ I fall behind
- Grace!
Come to me!
- ♪ If you're lost. you can look.
and you will find me ♪
♪ Time after time
♪ If you fall. I will catch you.
I'll be waiting ♪
♪ Time after time
- I came to suck your blood!
- [ Squeals. laughs ]
- Ew. yuck. Stop.
- You ready to get scared?
- Yes. Here.
- But you have to give me
a full two-minute lead.
Okay? Because I am
getting to that bell
and I'm ringing it
with everything I've got. okay?
- Two minutes. Got it.
- Two minutes.
- Then I'm gonna find
my hot-ass devil girl.
- Mm.
Good luck with that.
- You wanna join.
freaky Batman with no wings?
Maybe I'll. uh. let you watch.
- Ha. ha. ha. No. No.
It's the Revenger!
Batman doesn't have wings!
You jarhead bro motherfuckers.
♪
[ Bell clanging ]
- Rel's still not picking up.
We have to find him.
- There she is.
All your friends are
getting juiced in there.
I got some of my own
special sauce if you want.
- Hey.
- Hello.
What are you supposed to be?
A dyke?
- [ Grunts ]
- [ Groaning ]
- Holy shit.
- I learned that from you.
- Hey. you bitches!
I wasn't gonna hurt nobody.
[ Grunting. panting ]
- [ Grunts ]
- [ Shouting ]
- Yeah?
What about that boy
you killed with your drugs?
You hurt him?
- I don't know what
you're talking about.
[ Screaming ]
- [ Gasps ]
[ Rachel Stamp's
"Witches of Angelholm" plays ]
- This isn't over!
- ♪ Hey. little girl
- [ Laughing ]
- ♪ I long for the taste
of your lips ♪
♪ Hey. little girl
- Yahhh!
- [ Shrieks ]
[ Both laugh ]
- ♪ I long for the crack
of your whip ♪
- Grace. babe. where are you?
- [ Shouting ]
- [ Gasps ] Oh. my...!
- Yo. if one more thing
jumps out at me...
You think it's illegal to beat
the fuck out of a zombie?
- Don't worry. bro.
I got your back.
- Yahhh!
[ Chainsaw whirs ]
- [ Screaming. panting ]
- Okay. Fuck this.
All right. Grace!
Grace. babe. where are you?
Your two minutes is up!
- [ Laughing ]
[ Ominous music plays ]
♪
[ Gasps ]
- Ooooh!
Gracey!
♪
[ Shrieks ]
- [ Breathing heavily ]
- [ Howls ]
- [ Gasping ]
- [ Distorted] Gracey...
♪
- Rel. where are the others?
Rel. where's Grace?
Rel?
- I don't know.
The maze. I guess?
- We have to go find them.
Rel. come on.
we gotta talk to them.
♪
- Hey! Hey. hey! I-I hit it!
I...
Guys. wait! Wait up!
[ Spooky laughter ]
It's for Grace.
- Come on.
- So. uh.
what's this all about?
[ Eerie cackling ]
- [ Breathing heavily ]
- [ Whispering ] Gracey...
- Please pick up.
Please pick up. please pick up.
- Gracey...
- [ Gasps ]
[ Fireworks popping ]
[ Cellphone ringing ]
- [ Grunts ]
- Oh!
- [ Laughs ]
[ Ringing continues ]
- Hey. come on.
you gotta give me a clue.
- Dean. no. no. listen.
Listen. I'm...
I'm near the center.
and this-- I don't know.
this fucking crazy old woman
is trying to follow me.
- Babe. calm down.
It's a haunted maze.
They're supposed to follow you.
[ Eerie shrieking ]
- Dean. please.
You need to come and find me.
She-- She keeps saying my name.
but I have no idea who she is.
Please hurry. Please hurry.
I'm lost.
- [ Snarling ]
- [ Gasps ]
- [ Growls ]
- [ Screams ]
[ Grunting ]
- [ Distorted ] Gracey...
♪
Back off. you crazy old bitch!
- [ Snarling ]
- [ Screams ]
[ Groans echoing ]
♪
- Babe?
Babe. what's going on?
- [ Groaning ]
♪
[ Firecrackers popping
distantly ]
[ Gasps ]
♪
- [ Distantly ] Babe...
[ Continues speaking
indistinctly ]
♪
- [ Snarling. shrieking ]
[ Growling. groaning ]
[ Bones cracking ]
[ Growls ]
- [ Screaming ]
Grace? Grace?
Hey. Tan. let's go. Come on.
- Gracey...
- [ Screaming ]
[ All cheering ]
[ Shouting. laughter ]
- Help!
- [ Riders screaming ]
- Dean! Please!
- Grace. where are you?
Let me know where you are.
- Bro. what's the rush?
- Grace?
- Somebody help me!
Dean! Please!
- Grace!
- Help! Dean!
[ Shouting ]
[ Music softens ]
[ Breathing heavily ]
♪
[ Ominous music plays ]
- [ Snarling ]
- [ Grunting. whimpering ]
- [ Distorted ] Gracey!
[ Snarling. growling ]
- [ Shrieks ]
- Snarls ]
- [ Screaming ]
Help! Help!
[ Muffled scream ]
- [ Snarling ]
[ Shouts ]
- [ Screaming ] Help!
- Grace!
- [ Panting. groaning ]
[ Metal creaking ]
♪
- Dean! I'm in the spiral!
I'm here!
[ Grunts ]
[ Groans ]
[ Eerie cackling ]
[ Metal creaking ]
[ Thudding ]
[ Eerie laughter ]
[ Gasping ]
[ Bell rings ]
- [ Shrieking ]
- [ Muffled groans ]
♪
[ Rasping ]
[ Gasping ]
[ Bell ringing ]
- Grace! Grace!
[ Metal creaking ]
[ Breathing shakily ]
♪
[ Basketball thudding ]
That wasn't Grace.
I don't know who that was
dressed like that.
but that wasn't her.
- It washer.
She was supposed to die
of old age.
- What do you mean "supposed"?
She's 18!
- Listen!
Grace is the one
who blew the whistle.
But we were all with her
at the pool.
- Ellie's right.
We were all there.
We all heard that... sound.
It summoned all of our deaths.
And I...
I feel it watching.
♪
- I've seen it. too.
This morning in assembly.
It was some kind of seizure.
- [ Scoffs ] Nah. nah.
I'm-- I'm out.
- Hey. none of us should be alone
right now. Dean!
- Look. I don't know
what's going on
or where Grace is.
but all this spooky shit
started when she came to town.
- Are you kidding me?
You dared her
to blow that fucking whistle.
You pushed her to do it.
It's your fault she's dead!
- [ Grunting ]
- Hey! Dean. Dean!
Stop!
- We get it.
You had a little crush.
But people like you...
...don't ever stand a chance.
♪
- Rel.
Rel!
[ Door slams ]
- Keep playing "Scooby Doo."
I'm gonna go get smashed
and wait till Grace gets home.
[ Car engine revving.
tires screeching ]
[ Bang ]
[ Cans clatter ]
[ Groaning ]
- [ Eerie whispering ] Dean...
- [ Shouts ]
[ Screaming ]
[ Bones cracking ]
- [ Snarling ]
[ Glass shatters ]
[ Whispers fade ]
[ Breathing heavily ]
[ Knock on door ]
- Dean? Is that you?
- It's okay. I just...
I just had a nightmare.
- You woke your mother up.
She's gotta be at the store...
- Yeah. just go back to bed.
- You better not be drinking
and driving again. son.
It'll be the death of you.
♪
[ Thunder rumbles ]
- How's he doing?
- He's heartbroken.
Been in love with Grace
since they were kids. so...
[ Concrete Blonde's
"Joey" playing softly ]
Um. find anything on In Choka?
- Not really.
Just some New age cults
and some scams.
♪
But we need to find a way
to stop it.
- Yeah. We should go back
to Ms. Raymore tomorrow.
- Have you ever seen anyone die?
A few. In the hospital.
♪
- I OD'd about a year ago.
My dad found me
and he drove me to the hospital.
and we were...
We were half a mile away. and...
...a truck hit us.
- I'm so sorry.
♪
- Now I've got his...
his music. you know. I...
I listen to it.
Makes me feel connected. like...
Like a bridge. I guess.
- He had good taste.
- ♪ But we got lucky
once before ♪
♪ And I don't wanna
close the door ♪
- My actions killed my dad.
and there's...
There's nothing
I can do about it.
Sometimes I wish it had been me.
- But it wasn't.
And you're here.
♪
- I just finished telling you
how fucked up I am.
- Everyone's fucked up.
You just happen to know it.
And that shit you pulled
with Noah...
That was really cool.
- Yeah. but you've got
your shit together.
You know. you're-- you're smart
and you're funny. and...
And I'm just...
- You're Chrysanthemum.
- ♪ But if it's love
you're looking for ♪
♪ Then I can give
a little more ♪
♪ And if you're somewhere drunk
and passed out on the floor ♪
♪ Oh. Joey.
I'm not angry anymore ♪
♪
[ Somber music playing ]
- You're insane.
That was not her.
- Our future death
is hunting us.
- We were all there.
We all heard that... sound.
[ Discordant music plays ]
- I started working weekends
at the steel mill.
[ Metal grinding ]
...the steel mill...
- We all heard that... sound.
[ Metal grinding ]
- It summoned all of our deaths.
- [ Screaming ]
[ Metal grinding ]
[ Thunder rumbles ]
♪
[ Birds calling ]
- Please don't be too long.
She's taken a bit of a turn.
[ Monitor beeping ]
- It took our friend.
What does it want?
- The Olmec offered souls
to Satiate their gods of death.
In Choka has been collecting
them for thousands of years.
- But it's not our time.
and we need to stop it.
- Death is unstoppable.
Once called. it will not relent.
But there is a way
to change its course.
- But how?
How-- How do we change
its course?
- Give your death...
someone else's life.
- What do you mean?
- Offer In Choka...
...a new sacrifice.
When your death is near.
mark another with your blood.
and you will be spared.
[ Ominous music plays ]
- Mark them with our blood?
- No. No. we can't do that.
- Dying is not a choice.
[ Wheezing ]
- [ Eerie whispering ]
Chrysanthemum...
♪
It is inevitable.
But living...
♪
...that's up to you.
[ Monitor beeping ]
[ Flatline beep ]
♪
- I think she was ready.
- Well. I'm not ready.
And she just told us
exactly what we need to know.
- No. I veto any solution
that requires murder.
- So what. that's it?
We just wait to die?
[ Scoffs ]
- I saw her.
My death.
I O.D.
With a needle in my arm.
- Chrys...
- I don't want to use again.
I don't want to hurt
people again.
I don't want to hurt myself.
I'd rather die.
- Look. I-I'm sorry.
but we are running out of time.
We've all seen our deaths.
and they're coming for us next.
so we don't have a choice now.
- No. Rel. we'll be okay
if we stick together.
- Do you really believe that?
[ Sighs ]
- Rel...
- I just need to think!
Okay?
♪
- Rel! Stop!
[ Tires squeal ]
- I'll call Dean.
♪
[ Cellphone ringing ]
[ Theme music
playing softly on TV ]
[ Ringing continues ]
- And we return now to
a local report in Pellington.
to the tragic events of
last night's Harvest Festival.
- Just moments ago. paramedics
removed a body from the scene.
At this time. we don't have
a lot of information.
but what we do know is that the
woman has yet to be identified.
Police are asking anyone who
may know her to come forward.
In the meantime.
it is a very hectic situation
right here on the ground.
Police have completely
taped off the area
as they continue
their investigation.
We are standing by.
and as soon as we...
[ TV clicks off ]
[ Doorknob squeaking ]
- Mom?
[ Squeaking continues ]
Dad?
Mom. is that you?
Mom.
Dad?
[ Squelching ]
♪
- [ Eerie whispering ] Dean...
- [ Grunting ]
Leave me alone!
- Dean? What the hell
is going on in there?
- Dad? No. no! No! Dad!
[ Door bangs. lock clicks ]
Dad. do you see it?
[ Knocking ]
- Is he all right?
- Dean. open the door.
You're scaring your mother.
- I...I can't!
[ Grunting ]
- What's going on?
- Baby. just open the door.
- I-I can't.
- Dean. open the door.
- It'll get in.
- What are you talking about?
- Dean! Come on. honey.
- Look. I need you
to listen to me. please!
- Let us in!
[ Knocking ]
- Please.
[ Parents speaking
indistinctly ]
[ Eerie whispers ]
[ Metal creaking ]
[ Dramatic music plays ]
- [ Gasps. screams ]
- Dean!
[ Banging on door ]
- What's going on in there. Dean?
- Come on. honey!
- [ Screaming ]
[ Car horn blaring ]
[ Whooshing ]
[ Tires screeching ]
[ Metal crunching.
glass shattering ]
[ Groaning ]
[ Screaming ]
[ Bones cracking ]
[ Shouting ]
[ Screams ]
[ Engine revving ]
[ Screaming ]
- Dean!
[ Tires screeching ]
[ Groaning ]
- [ Grunting ]
[ Dramatic music plays ]
- [ Sobs ]
♪
[ Screaming ]
- Rel?
♪
Rel?
- Revenger.
- Ellie. Where is this?
- It's the steel mill
on the other side of town.
♪
- Shit!
- What is it?
♪
- Be safe. everyone.
[ Indistinct chatter ]
Same time next week.
Thank you.
Thanks for coming.
♪
[ Car horn blaring ]
♪ Are you washed in the blood
of the lamb? ♪
♪ Are you fully trusting
in His grace and power? ♪
- Don't make this difficult.
- The fuck is this?
- Guy at the mill sold it to me.
It's loaded.
- What are you doing. man?
- You have to do what I say. okay?
- Oh. do I?
I bet you don't even know
how to use that thing.
[ Gunshot ]
[ Glass shatters ]
- Fuck!
- Now...
[ Bell ringing ]
- Motherfucker!
[ Both grunting ]
[ Grunting. shouting ]
- [ Groans ]
[ Coughing ]
- You're done now. my friend.
- [ Gasping ]
- You are so fucking done.
♪
- [ Laughing ]
What's so funny?
- You don't get it.
I don't die this way.
- You fucking freak.
Hey! I warned you!
[ Gun clicks ]
Shit!
Fuck! Fuck!
[ Both grunting ]
♪
[ Metal grinding ]
- What's the point of dragging me
all the way out here?
- This is where I'll die.
So this is where
you're gonna die.
- What?
What. are you insane?
Huh?
♪
- This what you give them?
Your. uh...
...young believers?
- You want some?
They're all yours.
Go ahead and take 'em.
- How many does it take?
- One will make you happy.
two will make you fly.
- I'll go for three.
- [ Grunting ]
- Swallow. Swallow!
- [ Muffled grunts ]
- Swallow.
- [ Grunts. pants ]
[ Coughs ]
Hey. man. can you please
just tell me what this is about?
Huh?
Wait. wait. wait. wait. wait.
Hey. Hey.
Jesus Christ!
Hey. let-- let's talk
about this. man.
[ Breathing heavily ]
What is that thing. huh?
Is that witchcraft. man?
Is that what you're into?
You're a Satanist?
Hey. look...
- Death is close.
[ Eerie wailing ]
♪
I gotta mark you now.
- What?
No. you don't have to mark me.
man!
Get that shit away from me!
- Rel!
Rel. you don't have to do this!
- Ellie!
- Rel. Put the gun down.
- It's not fair.
- Rel. put the gun down.
- A murdering scumbag like him
gets to live.
while you or me or Grace dies?
You think that makes
any sense at all?
[ Voice echoing ]
- It doesn't make any sense.
- Rel...
Stop.
- Stay back.
- Please. Jesus. Please. God.
I will be your instrument.
I seek forgiveness.
- Shut up!
- I'm sorry for what I've done.
I sold him my shit.
I didn't mean for him to die.
- You murdered that boy!
- It was an accident.
- You killed him!
- I didn't know. all right?
I didn't know he was gonna die.
- Shut up!
- I'm not a bad person.
I'm washed in the blood.
Jesus. I will be the hammer
in your hand. Lord.
So help me God.
just fucking save me now.
- [ Shouts ]
- Rel. please!
- Rel. stop! Don't do it!
This is wrong. Stop. okay?
You don't have to do this.
- Please.
- We can fix it.
Please. Rel. Please.
Rel.
[ Gasping ]
- Thank you. Jesus.
I am marked only by God.
And I am delivered.
- I guess everyone
has to die once.
- Say that again?
- I said everyone has to die.
- You said once.
That's it.
That's how we stop this.
- How?
[ Eerie whispers ]
- Oh. shit...
It's here.
- What's here?
[ Ominous music plays ]
♪
[ Eerie wailing ]
[ Grunting ]
- [ Eerie whispering ] Rel...
- Rel. what's going on?
What is it?
- [ Whispering ] Rel...
- [ Gasping ]
[ Grunts ]
[ Screaming ]
[ Grinder whirring ]
- No! No!
[ All screaming ]
- Get him back!
- [ Echoing ] What the fuck?!
[ Grinder whirring ]
- [ Screaming ]
- Rel!
[ All screaming ]
♪
- Chrys...
[ Grunts ]
[ Metal clanking. crunching ]
♪
- [ Screaming ]
[ Sobbing ]
[ Wailing ]
- It's not your fault.
There's nothing we can do.
Chrys. Chrys. we have to go.
We have to go!
You said there's a way
out of this.
- I'm not letting it get you.
♪
- So. what's the plan?
- We summoned death.
and we can't outrun it.
Now we have to die.
That doesn't mean
we have to stay dead.
Is this all you've got?
- I carry backup insulin
for emergencies.
How much do you need?
- Enough to stop a heart.
- Insulin won't be enough
to trigger a cardiac arrest.
Uh...
I have an idea.
♪
- Bring it all!
[ Liquid dripping ]
[ Eerie whispers ]
[ Whispers intensifying ]
[ Metal clanks ]
♪
[ Both grunting ]
- Okay. so. one more time.
I inject you.
make sure you have no pulse.
no heartbeat.
so you're technically dead.
- And then the glucagon.
so we don't go hypoglycemic
when the defibrillator
kick-starts the heart.
♪
- Okay. Hand me one of those.
I'll-- I'll do you.
and you can do me.
- I have to make sure you live.
[ Needle stabs ]
- [ Gasps ]
[ Eerie whispering ]
♪
- I'm sorry.
- [ Echoing ] No...
♪
- Ellie!
- Chrys!
I'm sorry!
♪
[ Grunting ]
[ Breathing heavily ]
♪
[ Defibrillator whines ]
Glucagon.
♪
- Thank you. Lord.
[ Breathing heavily ]
Thank you for saving me.
- Please work.
[ Whimpering ]
♪
- [ Grunting ]
- Okay. Okay.
[ Defibrillator whines ]
Okay.
[ Beeping ]
♪
- [ Eerie shrieking ]
- Chrys.
No.
Chrys. Come on.
Chrys. No!
[ Machine beeping ]
Come on.
Chrys. come on. Come on.
[ Grunting ]
[ Eerie growling. shrieking ]
♪
[ Defibrillator beeping ]
[ Sobbing ]
- [ Screaming ]
♪
- Come on.
- I can hear you.
[ Grunting ]
[ Banging ]
- [ Gasps ]
- [ Shouting ]
- [ Screaming ]
- [ Sobbing ]
- [ Shouting ]
[ Banging ]
♪
[ Bones cracking ]
- No. Not yet.
Not yet. not yet. not yet!
Come on. come on!
- [ Shouting ]
- [ Shrieking ]
♪
- Death is unstoppable.
Once called.
it will not relent.
- [ Grunts ]
[ Banging ]
[ Defibrillator beeping ]
- [ Grunting ]
What kind of Satan shit
is this?
- [ Grunting ]
Aah!
[ Debris clattering ]
♪
[ Groaning ]
Chrys. come on.
Come back to me.
[ Sobs ] Please!
[ Bones cracking ]
Come back to me.
I need you to live!
♪
Chrysanthemum.
[ Echoing ] Chrysanthemum.
Chrysanthemum!
- Dying is not a choice.
It is inevitable.
But living...
- [ Shrieking ]
- ...that's up to you.
- Ellie!
- You're Chrysanthemum.
- [ Shrieking ]
Ellie!
♪
[ Gasping ]
[ Bones cracking ]
[ Eerie growling ]
♪
- [ Choking ]
[ Banging ]
- [ Groaning ]
- Wake up.
- [ Grunting ]
- No!
You stay away from her!
- [ Grunting ]
- It's like I told you.
God's got a job for everyone.
I'm just trying
to help those in need.
But you...
you're beyond redemption.
Whereas I...
I am washed
in the blood of the lamb.
Yeah.
[ Eerie trilling ]
♪
- [ Choking ]
[ Gasping ]
- May the body of our Lord
Jesus Christ
preserve your soul
in life everlasting.
Amen.
♪
[ Eerie growling ]
- [ Distorted ] Are you fully
trusting in his grace and power?
- Hey...
The fuck?
- [ Eerie growling ]
[ Whispering ] Noah...
- What? Do you hear me?
No. Stay back!
[ Shouts ]
[ Gunshot ]
- [ Groaning ]
- [ Eerie growling ]
[ Blood pouring ]
♪
[ Eerie whispering ]
[ Eerie growling ]
- [ Screaming ]
♪
[ Screaming ]
[ Body thuds ]
- [ Groaning lightly ]
- Hey. Hey.
♪
Stay. stay. stay.
I'm sorry.
- Hell of a first date. huh?
♪
Chrys...
[ Somber music plays ]
♪
[CHVRCHES' "Final Girl" playing]
- It's been three months.
two weeks. and four days.
I count each and every
one of them now.
- ♪ Keeping secrets
until everything became
a bit too loud ♪
- I always thought
death was the enemy.
But now I'm not so sure.
- ♪ I could drown it out
- No one has forever.
But we do have right now.
- ♪ By writing sentences I used
to think were quite profound ♪
- I think I can live with that.
- ♪ And it feels like the weight
is too much to carry ♪
♪ I should quit.
maybe go get married ♪
♪ Only time will tell
♪ In the final cut
♪ In the final scene
♪ There's a final girl
♪ Does she look like me?
♪ In the final cut
♪ In the final scene
♪ There's a final girl
♪ And you know that she
should be screaming now ♪
♪
- [ Eerie whispering ] Asha...
[ Ominous music plays ]
Asha...
[ Eerie trilling. whispers ]
[ Whistle blows.
high-pitched screaming ]
[ Iron Maiden's
"Killers" playing ]
♪
- ♪ Oh. yeah
♪ Yeah
♪
♪ Oh. yeah
♪ Ooh. yeah
♪
♪ You walk through the subway
♪ His eyes burn a hole
in your back ♪
♪ A footstep behind you
♪ He lunges.
prepared for attack ♪
♪ Scream for mercy
♪ He laughs
as he's watching you bleed ♪
♪ Killer behind you
♪ His bloodlust defies
all his needs ♪
- Good morning. everyone.
As is customary here
at Pellington High.
to begin the new semester.
we welcome freshman student
Asha Nelson.
who will be playing
our school anthem on her violin.
[ Applause ]
[ Clears throat ]
[ Eerie whispering ]
- Wait! Stop!
- Stop!
- Stop! Stop!
[ Whistle blows ]
- Stop!
♪
-== [ www.OpenSubtitles.org ] ==-